Dx 820 detailed paymenturl completeurl (#332)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: _includes/payment-url.md

With `paymentUrl` in place, the retry process becomes much more convenient for
both the integration and the payer.

{% if full_reference %}

> This parameter is used by the Seamless view flow (must be used for App webview
> design). Some payment instruments only works when owning the full
> browser page (no iframes), this will be solved by redirecting
> out of the Seamless view (3-D secure etc).
> 
> For mobile flows some payment instruments works best when App2App switching is
> enabled and handled automatically (Swish, Vipps etc).
> To solve this it is important that the third party app or site understand
> where to redirect the consumer back to after the flow on their end is completed.
> 
> The paymentUrl is where you provide Swedbank Pay with an endpoint that we will
> provide to the third party for handling this redirect back to your site/app.
> When receiving the consumer back on the `paymentUrl` either in an app or on the
> web page it is important to restore the Seamless view to let the payment finalize the flow.
> For InApp it is important that you either implement the `OnPaymentCompleted`
> event or let the Seamless view redirect to the `completeUrl` before intercepting
> the web view. If you intercept the web view when the consumer device is
> redirected to the `paymentUrl` it can lead to issues. If you want to handle payment
> errors in your own code, you should also subscribe to other events provided by
> the Seamless view javascript and shut down the Seamless view if any of this
> events occurs. Events to subscribe to for full control over the payment flow:
> 
> * `OnError`: will trigger any time a system error occur from the javascript
> * `OnPaymentFailed`: will call registrered endpoint if provided. If not
> subscribed to will redirect to conpleteUrl
> * `OnPaymentCanceled`: will be called if the payment is aborted by the consumer
> or triggered by you with the Abort command on the payment
> * `OnPaymentTransactionFailed`: this will trigger if one payment attempt failed.
> Standard functionality are to let the consumer be able to retry the payment from
> the payment page.
> 
> When implementing the seamless view flow into a web view in your mobile app,
> you should send in a custom scheme in the `paymentUrl` for handling automatic
> switching between your app and the payment app on the mobile device.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`paymentUrl` is used by the Seamless View flow and **must** be used for
WebView-based app implementations. Some payment instruments only work when
owning the full browser page (no use of `<iframe>`), this will be solved by
doing a full browser (top frame) redirect out of the Seamless View. 3-D Secure
requires this, for example.

For mobile flows, some payment instruments work best when app-to-app switching
is enabled and handled automatically (Swish, Vipps etc). To solve this, it is
important that the third party app or site understand where to redirect the
consumer back to after the flow on their end is completed.

The `paymentUrl` is the URL Swedbank Pay will provide to the third party for
handling the redirect back to your site or app. When receiving the consumer back
on the `paymentUrl` either in an app or web page it is important to restore the
Seamless View to let the payment finalize the flow. For in-app it is important
that you either implement the `onPaymentCompleted` event or let the Seamless
View redirect to the `completeUrl` before intercepting the WebView. If you
intercept the WebView when the consumer device is redirected to the `paymentUrl`
it can lead to issues. If you want to handle payment errors in your own code,
you should also subscribe to other events provided by the Seamless View
JavaScript and shut down the Seamless View if any of these events occur.

Events to subscribe to for full control over the payment flow are:

{:.table .table-striped}
| Event                        | Description                                                                                                                                         |
| :--------------------------- | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `onError`                    | Will trigger any time a system error occur from the JavaScript.                                                                                     |
| `onPaymentFailed`            | will call registrered endpoint if provided. If not subscribed to will redirect to conpleteUrl                                                       |
| `onPaymentCanceled`          | will be called if the payment is aborted by the consumer or triggered by you with the Abort command on the payment                                  |
| `onPaymentTransactionFailed` | this will trigger if one payment attempt failed. Standard functionality are to let the consumer be able to retry the payment from the payment page. |

When implementing the Seamless View flow into a WebView in your mobile app, you
should use a [custom scheme][custom-scheme] or [Universal Link][universal-link]
in the `paymentUrl` for handling automatic switching between your app and the
payment app on the mobile device.

[custom-scheme]: https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/inter-process_communication/allowing_apps_and_websites_to_link_to_your_content/defining_a_custom_url_scheme_for_your_app
[universal-link]: https://developer.apple.com/ios/universal-links/
```
